Following - https://getanchor.co/, the font, color and approach. Build the following pages.

Home Page - Download Product brief to understand our business
Company for About Us & Contact
Proof
Talk to Sales
Pricing Page & Amount Saved.
Term of Use
Career - Apply as Interns for Roles
Auth Pages. Once I login, I should just see a dashboard page to know it works.
App Needed

Dispatch Owner
Customer & Vendor
Agent & Partner
Riders App
Stack to Use:
Next JS,
Taiwland CSS
Ark UI

Addition Brief :
Drovaq: Operation System that Powering Last Mile Deliveries.
With Drovaq, Managing your Dispatch Company is now very easy. - I would Drova the OS that powers dispatch company. Drova was first used by Cartway, a dispatch company we founded, at scale we figured we need a lot of technical tools, most of which can’t be accessible - We had series of problems.

How do I automatically take my deliveries?
How do I & my customers get to track our deliveries?
How do I handle payments & confirmation?
How do I manage my customer inventory?
How do I track and manage my inventory payment especially for PODs?
How do I manage my fleet?
How do I many my fleet inventory?
How do I scale?
How do I manage my entire operations?
You can see many “How dos”? That was exactly the problem we faced when we had between 10 - 20 bikes, we had plenty people but we couldn’t just delivery even as a dispatch company 🙂‍↔️

Here come the solution:
A Tech solution that helps dispatch owner manger the operational efficiency of their business and also helps them gain visibility.

Impact:

Operational Efficiency.
Close financial leakages backdoors.
Visibility as business can easily be listed online.
Reduce fraud.
Inventory Management
Pricing
Beta User - ₦25,000 for unlimited access (Additional fee may apply for certain features)

Goal

Onbaord 100 dispatch company in First three months
Competitive analysis

Industry knowlege: Drovaq team started with a dispatch company which also won the mobility company of the year, Ibadan Tech Expo which means there is a solid industry knowledge.